Hi guys, Korean Movie Recapped here.
Before we start, WARNING!
Spoilers Ahead!
Today, I’m going to recap a 2003 Korean
Mystery Thriller movie, called Old Boy.
This movie is about a man who is captured
and imprisoned for 15 years.
After he leaves, the outside world is different
than he knows.
Make sure you watch until the end, because
this movie has a plot-twist.
So, what will he do after being imprisoned
for 15 years?
Does he take his revenge?
Or does he just live as a normal person?
Let’s find it out.
The movie starts with a man who is interrogated
at the police station.
His name is Mr. Oh.
He gets caught because he was causing some
problem while he was drunk.
Even so, he is still drunk and acting weird
that makes the police annoyed.
He tells the police that today is his daughter’s
birthday, so he has to celebrate it with his
family.
Oh is still arrested for some hours, until
his friend comes to pick him up.
He leaves the police without any regards and
is still teasing them.
Before Oh comes back, he calls his daughter
to wish on her birthday.
He is also forcing his friend to say happy
birthday to his daughter.
When Mr. Oh’s wife wants to talk with him,
but he suddenly disappears without a trace.
Few months pass, Mr. Oh finds himself looking
up into a small hotel room by himself without
any interaction from outside.
The only thing that comes from outside is
food.
He also asks the food servant about the reason
for being caught.
But, he gets ignored.
Few years pass, and he is still trapped without
any outside view.
Suddenly, a poison gas appears to make him
sleep.
It is only for some treatment for his clothes,
hair and his room.
They also took his blood sample.
Luckly, He also gets a TV that helps him to
learn about the outside world.
Even so, he is still frustrated and stressed
because his normal life has been taken.
He tries many times to end his life, but is
always stopped by the captor.
They activate the poison gas so they can treat
him.
One day, Mr. Oh saw the news that his wife
was killed and he became the primary suspect.
By this moment, he knows that the captor wants
to mess up his life and he promises to take
revenge on him.
He starts to workout, learn from TV and train
himself to fight.
So, he can kill them all once he leaves.
At the same time, he also recalled his memory
of his past to find out the men behind this
crime.
But, he got confused because he had caused
too much trouble with so many people in his
life.
Ten years pass, he tries to make a move.
By using a chopstick, he begins to dig a hole
through the wall.
One by one the bricks have been removed for
4 years, until he can put out and sense the
rain by his hand.
He feels so excited because he can escape
in a short time.
But, the captor activates the poison gas.
While he is sleeping, a lady comes and hypnotizes
him.
When he wakes up, he is suddenly at the outside
world wearing neat clothes and a watch.
There is also a man who wants to end his life.
Mr. Oh stop him and ask him anything about
the current world.
He finds out that he has been trapped for
15 years without communicating with anyone
and feels blessed to be able to live again.
As Mr Oh leaves, the man falls from the top
of the building.
While Mr. Oh walks in the city, he tries to
take a cigarette from one of the young group
men.
He misses smoking so much.
The young men then want to give lessons to
these insolent men but they were beaten by
Mr. Oh only using his fist.
While he continues to walk in the city, an
unknown poor man hands him a full cash wallet
and cellphone without knowing anything about
who is the giver.
Feeling confused, he also feels hungry and
stops at a sushi restaurant.
While he is about eating, someone calls him
and asks about how the clothes were.
He is furious and asks loudly who the caller
is.
He also guessed several names, but all of
them are false.
The captor says it is not important who he
is, but the question should be why.
Mr. Oh is trying to ask why he was captured,
but the call ended.
He tries to think while eating, but suddenly
he faints.
When he wakes up, he is with the restaurant
servant, sleeping in her place.
The woman asks him to not do anything foolish,
but he is still doing it while she wants to
pee.
Then, she introduces her name, Mi Do.
She also says that she loves him at first
sight.
Helped by Mi Do, Mr. Oh tries to find his
daughter and finds out that she has been adopted
and moved overseas.
Because of that, he decides to focus on his
revenge.
He is looking for the restaurant which always
served his food during captivity and will
never be forgotten.
He visits every chinese restaurant there and
tastes them one by one until he finds it.
He follows the delivery men of this restaurant
to the building that has a secret floor before
he kills him brutally.
There, he finds the man who runs the criminal
organization that handles private prison for
money.
Mr Oh torture him bad until he wants to talk.
He never meets his clients ever but he always
records their talks.
He leaves by taking the records but not as
easy as he comes.
This organization is backed up by gangsters.
Oh fights them all alone by using a hammer
on his hand.
He's unstoppable even though he's been stabbed
in the back.
He manages to leave, but he collapses because
losing a lot of blood.
A pedestrian helps him by calling a taxi and
leaves him by saying farewell and with a devilish
smile on him.
The next day, he finally meets his old friends
and asks him for help.
They try to trace the captor by using the
call records.
Turns out, the captor is living in the next
Mi Do’s apartment, and his name is Mr. Evergreen.
Mr. Oh comes to revenge by killing him by
himself.
Mr. Evergreen is waiting for him with his
bodyguard.
Mr Oh cannot hold himself and tries to kill
him.
But, Mr. Evergreen stops him by telling that
he will not know the reason why he imprisoned
him for 15 years forever and Mi Do will also
be killed.
He will also kill himself if Mr. Oh doesn’t
find out the answer of the why.
Mr. Evergreen leaves Mr. Oh who cannot do
anything.
While he backs to Mi Do apartment, the previous
gangster lead by the crime organization’s
owner with Mi Do as hostage.
He wants to take revenge to Mr. Oh by torturing
them.
But, they are stopped by Mr. Evergreen who
also brings a bunch of money to free Mr. Oh.
After this incident, Mr. Oh tells her everything
and they are making love.
Suddenly, a poison gas appears and someone
is coming.
The next day, with suspicious Mr. Oh finally
finds out that there is a tracker on his shoes
all this time.
He and his friends try to solve the mystery
by searching out the meaning of evergreen.
It leads them to his high school where he
found his face.
There is also a girl who’s very suspicious
that the photo was cropped.
From the call, his friend remembers the name
of this girl and says that this girl was rumored
to be a cheap girl.
Appears that the evergreen is there and kills
his friend.
With his anger he tells Mr. Oh that his sister
was not a cheap girl.
Suddenly, Mr. Oh can recall his past memory.
Mr. Oh comes to the evergreen building with
his answer.
He explains that the main reason is because
he was the one who spread the rumor of his
sister as a cheap girl.
He also says that the one who played with
her is no one but his brother.
He saw it by himself and the rumor, that his
sister was pregnant, was spread accidentally.
Afraid that everyone would know his illicit
relationship, he killed his sister.
Mr. Evergreen refuses it by saying that Mr.
Oh’s tongue and the gossip are the ones
who made her pregnant.
He starts to tell him the truth.
Besides imprisoning him, he also hypnotized
him and Mi-Do.
Turns out, Mi-Do is his daughter who has changed
her identity using hypnosis.
Can’t hold himself, Mr. Oh attacks Evergreen
but is defended by his bodyguard.
They fight until the bodyguard wants to kill
him so bad.
Mr. Evergreen kills his bodyguard because
not want Mr. Oh to die so easily.
He must feel the pain for the rest of his
life regarding Mi Do knowing that he is his
father and they also have an illicit relationship.
Mr. Oh begs him so badly and acts like a dog
for not telling his daughter about it.
Because Mr. Evergreen ignores him, he begs
him more by cutting his tongue.
Satisfying with his evil plan , Mr. Evergreen
promises to not tell her and he leaves.
At the end of the movie, Mr. Evergreen kills
himself as he is satisfied with revenge.
Meanwhile, Mr. Oh asks the woman to hypnotize
him to be able to have two personalities,
the one who knows everything and the second
one who does not know the true identity of
Mi Do.
After that, Mi Do is looking for her and hugs
him.
She tells him that she loves him so much.
Mr. Oh is happy to hear that, but no longer
after that, he must endure his pain in whole
life.
Subscribe to watch more videos like this.
Turn on notifications, like, and comment to
help out our channel.
Thank you for watching, and see you, next
time.